You don't believe me? I, uh, on invoice here says, uh, 110,000 is the owing, but
corresponds to salary of 10,000. You're on the hook for 100.
You can't bully us like this. Mr. Walker, can you at least give me the 10,000 first?
Now I accept the car repairs. I fell on the car. That's, that's a fact. But the workers need
their salary. I mean, some for education, some, some are getting surgery. Can you help out?
I said like this. Such a noble cause. But how could a crippled trailer trash pay up 110 grand?
I said I pay it. I sell my, my kidney. I sell my blood. I sell my spleen. I'll do whatever it takes.
I'll work it off. That's so tragic. I don't think it has to be that way. Look, I'll have a chance.
How about if you entertain me tonight and if I'm used to know, I'll give you a 10 grand.
Dad, don't do what he is like. Relax. No jumping out windows this time. No damage. No injury.
With all these witnesses here, do you really think I'll go back and win? What, what do you want me to do?
We'll settle real. Crawl under me back and forth. And if you do it 10 times,
I'll give you 10 grand. One grand each time. How dare you humiliate us like this?
Well, what are you going to do about it? You do whatever I want. People like you are just toys for
Mr. Walker to play with. Go on. Crawl. It's not like you have any dignity left. Consider it an honor.
Money. I just need to get the money for my friends and leave something for Greta before I go. Fine. I'll do it.